# Terms Of Service | TOS | 2023

You may not attempt to gain unauthorized access to any portion or feature of the site, or any other systems or networks connected to the site or to any Mervin server, or to any of the services offered on or through the Site, by hacking, password “mining” or any other illegitimate means.

You may not probe, scan or test the vulnerability of the site or any network connected to the site, nor breach the security or authentication measures on the site or any network connected to the Site. You may not reverse look-up, trace or seek to trace any information on any other user of or visitor to the Site, or any other customer of Mervin, including any Mervin account not owned by you, to its source, or exploit the Site or any service or information made available or offered by or through the Site, in any way where the purpose is to reveal any information, including but not limited to personal identification or information, other than your own information, as provided for by the site.

Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail or chat or by obscene or abusive language is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Mervin or other employee, host or representative, as well as other members or visitors of the site, is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content that is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable, which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate the law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.

Mervin does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user generated content on the site, Mervin is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Mervin reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, in its sole opinion, (b) fraudulent, deceptive or misleading, (c) in violation of copyright, trademark or other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Mervin at its sole discretion.

In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Mervin may choose various third-party websites to link to from its own site. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Mervin, Mervin has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Mervin. Mervin has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk.

You agree that you will not take any action that imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on the infrastructure of the site or Mervin’s systems or networks, or any systems or networks connected to the site or to Mervin.

You agree not to use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the site or any transaction being conducted on the site, or with any other person’s use of the site.

You may not forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or transmittal you send to Mervin on or through the site or any service offered on or through the site. You may not pretend that you are, or that you represent, someone else, or impersonate any other individual or entity.

You may not use the site or any Content for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms of Use, or to solicit the performance of any illegal activity or other activity which infringes the rights of Mervin or others.
